i just watched a guy recreate Viva La Vida on youtube as a clip from a livestream, because somebody gave him 1000 dollars, and because the message was cat themed, he just wipped out a cat piano toy thing (like a piano toy for children with a cat theme, and it made meows and stuff) and seamlessly add that low quality toy into his music, which was imo even better than the og (tho i am in fact more partial to instrumental songs and this was an insturmental version of viva la vida) and it gave me an idea about control. watching this guy, he was completely in control, probally even in the flowstate, and it made me realize: this is why i like driving. its to me like his music is to him. he is in complete control of his music making machines, pianos and digital synths and whatnot, and he knows exactly what to do with them to "make them sing" (mister president a music pun has hit the vim instance) and i can feel the same way, tho perhaps to a lesser degree, when im driving, because when im driving im in complete control of whatever vehicle or machine im driving, with noone else to blame for mistakes i make (on the road its ofc different but i dont drive on the road). this can also relate to fpv drones in the same way, where you are in complete control of your drone, and theres no one to get in the way of it.

However, this can also applly to computers, but it is much more dificult. to truly enter a flowstate like that, or at least be in perfect control for even just a little while (like 15 minutes which was about how long the video i watched was (side note simonanda.dog is a valid domain name but its expensive :( )) you have to truly understand exactly what is going on with 99% of the components of your machine that you are flowstating with. and with modern mainstream computers, there are so many things that you have to understand, that even someone who, like me, has been using computers since a very young age, and i probally have over 20k hours on various ones (granted an embarasing amount of that is watching youtube), and i still dont understand most of the parts that make this work. im standing on the shoulders of gaints to do what i do here, and if those giants decide to move, even sometimes just a tiny bit for them, its massive for me and i go falling down and have to figure out stuff all over again. in a car, on a quad (probally the vehicle i have the most time on), tractor, excavator, anything, you are standing on the shoulders of giants, but those giants are petrified, and the only way they can change is from deterioration which happens to everything. ig software dosent deteriorate unless its abandoned, and other softwares update and break its dependencies. however it happens to eveything phyiscial. generall with physical machines, the problem can be visually identified and fixed. at least with older machines, cars, whatever else. Now, machines are computers, with all the same issues of abstraction to peel back, but possibly even more locked down than mainstream propriatry software.1
